h1. Click to Call

h2. Description

Example component for Adhearsion showing a click to call application. Also shows how to use the RESTful API of
Adhearsion.

h2. Example

Place this in your dialplan.rb of your Adhearsion project:

    <pre>
	<code>
	adhearsion {
	  self.call.variables[:destination] = get_variable("destination")
	  dial self.call.variables[:destination]
    }
	</code>
	</pre>
		
h2. Dependencies

* restful_adhearsion v0.1.0+
* sinatra v0.3.3+

h2. Installation

1. Install the <a href="http://github.com/jsgoecke/restful_adhearsion">RESTful-Adhearsion</a> client library gem:

<pre>sudo gem install jsgoecke-restful_adhearsion --source=http://gems.github.com/</pre>

2. In your components directory of your Adhearsion project:

<pre>git clone git://github.com/jsgoecke/restful_clicktocall.git</pre>

3. Then add the example code from above to your ~adhearsion-project/dialplan.rb.

4. Enable the restful_rpc component from within your ~adhearsion-project/ directory:

<pre>ahn enable component restful_rpc</pre>
	
5. From within the directory ~adhearsion-project/components/restful_clicktocall/web run:

<pre>ruby run_me.rb</pre>

6. Connect to the web form:

<pre>http://localhost:4567</pre>

Then you are off and running!

7. If you would like to run Sinatra as a daemon, I recommend you use Rack and Passenger

Simply do the following:

* Install the Apache Webserver
* gem install rack
* gem install passenger (follow instructions <a href='http://www.modrails.com/install.html'>here</a>)

Copy the files and directories in ~ahn-project/components/restful_clicktocall/web to the appropriate location on your Apache web server. Add this virtual host settings to your Apache configuration:

<pre><VirtualHost *:80>
  ServerName your.website.com
  DocumentRoot /var/www/restful_clicktocall_web/public
</VirtualHost></pre>

Restart your Apache web server and then connect to the site you configured. For more options I recommend referring to the Passenger documentation found <a href='http://www.modrails.com/documentation/Users%20guide.html'>here</a>.
